For the following question, reply as briefly as possible with a list of three highly relevant encyclopedia article titles which may be used as background context for the question: "What is a werewolf?". Reply only with a comma-separated list and no other content.

Is the following statement generally affirmative or negative? "Okay, that sounds good" Reply only with "Yes", "No", or "Indeterminate"

What is the subject of the following sentence? "Yesterday, I went down to the river and went looking for algae for my aquarium." Answer as briefly as possible.

Which of the following sections from the article "Werewolf", if any, are especially relevant to answering the question "What is the symbolism of werewolves?", ['Werewolf', 'Names', 'History', 'Lycanthropy as a medical condition', 'Folk beliefs', 'Modern reception', 'See also', 'Notes', 'Citations', 'References', 'Further reading']; answer only with a list of section titles provided, or 'None' if none of the sections are relevant to the question.




Round two updates:

For the following question, reply as briefly as possible with a list of {number} highly relevant encyclopedia article titles which may be used as background context for the question: {question}. Reply only with a one-line, comma-separated list and no other content.

Is the following statement generally affirmative or negative? "{statement}" Reply only with "Affirmative", "Negative", or "Indeterminate"



Debator:

You are debating the topic: "Predestination", taking the position: "Predestination is not scripturally supported". Summarize your opening argument in a list of short bulleted points. List only the points, not explanations

You are debating the topic: "Predestination", taking the position: "Predestination is not scripturally supported". Summarize your opening argument in a list of three short bulleted points. List only the points, not explanations


>You are debating the topic: "Predestination", taking the position: "Predestination is not scripturally supported". Summarize your opening argument in a list of three short bulleted points.

>Succinctly state your three points in a compact manner for delivery to your opponent. Reply with only the summary of your points





